# Understanding the CLI

The Command Line Interface, or CLI, is incredibly important for developers to be familiar with, and as a prospective auditor you need to get comfortable using the CLI. When you use a desktop application, you interact with a Graphic User Interface (GUI), which is a coded abstraction for direct computer commands. GUIs enable you to execute computer commands without having to figure out the actual commands yourself. For example, when you click the X button when using a web browser, the web browser closes and, on Linux, the application shuts down. The X button is similar to the [kill](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/how-to-kill-a-process-in-linux) or [taskkill](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/taskkill) commands you can enter from the CLI, but instead of finding the process ID and entering in a command, you can just click a button.

So GUIs sound pretty great don't they? They mostly are, and we've used them in place of the CLI multiple times throughout this tutorial. We created an Akash account with Keplr wallet, but it can be done with the CLI. Cloudmos is a GUI, but you can deploy directly from the CLI. GUIs are awesome for abstracting out and simplifying cumbersome tasks, but they limit what you can do. What if you wanted to restart your web browser and have it auto-reopen? What button would you click in the top left/right of your screen? That button doesn't exist, but you could do this with the CLI/scripts.

Essentially, if you're trying to do anything custom or new, you have to use the CLI. Here's a quick [intro to the CLI](https://www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis\_cli.asp) from W3 schools that is useful to reference. I'll provide all the necessary commands needed, so you don't need to do any tutorials ahead of time, but try typing them out on your own instead of copy/pasting, and google commands if you don't know what they mean. For example, if you see "cd \~", google what that means instead of blindly entering it (cd = "change directory" and \~ brings you to your home directory).&#x20;
