# For Tenants (People who deploy on Akash)
Akash is useful and unique for many reasons. Imagine you are a business owner selling laptops, and you need your website to have 100% uptime. Knowing that every hosting solution experiences downtime (required for upgrades, etc), you launch your application on Google Cloud (GCP), Azure, and AWS. This requires you to setup three accounts, give your personal information to three companies, and provide billing information to multiple parties. This creates security risk due to increased PII exposure, but it’s also inconvenient to manage. With Akash, you can have your application hosted on entirely unrelated infrastructure under one platform. Using one wallet, you can deploy to Equinix, your own computer, your friends computer, ThanosNode, or any other provider on the network.

Akash also enables you to deploy pseudonymously. There are many legitimate reasons why you’d want to protect your privacy when putting something on the internet. Your government might restrict critical information, the content of the site may be controversial and open you up to retaliation, or you could want your project to be leaderless in a similar fashion to Satoshi Nakamoto’s anonymity concerning Bitcoin. Since Akash leverages a cryptocurrency for payments, and utilizes the blockchain as the settlement layer, you never need to provide any PII to deploy: no credit card, no billing address, nothing!

This adds a third benefit of Akash, which is censorship resistance. If your identity is unknown, you are more difficult to target. Additionally, since Akash is permissionless, nobody can prevent you from creating a deployment and querying providers. While providers maintain sovereignty for hosting decisions, so long as one provider is willing to host your application, it will be hosted.
